# Multi-function Examination Affairs Management System                                           
## The last version with Vue.js package.
## Use technology: Springboot + Redis + Vue.js + ElementUI + Mybatis
## [The Front-End Code](https://github.com/294862048/kwmanage_Vue/tree/master)

## English abstract

  With the increasing demand for office intelligence, traditional working methods can no longer meet the needs of modern fast-paced office. The company needs a convenient, fast and comprehensive management system to improve work efficiency, help managers and employees quickly grasp the latest tasks and sort out the main information. Regarding the issue above, develop a multifunctional management system is necessary. The multifunctional examination management system is a software system developed based on Vue.js + Spring Boot + Mybatis technology, the overall use front-back stage decoupling design, the front-end uses WebStorm as the IDE of Vue.js, the back-end uses the popular IntelliJ IDEA as the Java language’s IDE to design and development. Relational database uses MySQL. The system is mainly divided into login and registration, personal center, management module, examination module, entry questions module, network disk module, administrator functions module and Druid operation and maintenance management. Personal center includes personal information management, change password, login records. Management module includes subject management, school management, teacher management, semester management. Examination module includes exam management. Entry questions module includes entry tasks and review tasks assigned to employees, completed entry tasks and review tasks. Network disk module includes all files, my files, upload files, recycle bin. Administrator functions module includes the creation of entry questions tasks, management of entry questions tasks, user management, registration approval management. Druid operation and maintenance management is to configure the Druid plugin of Alibaba and call the SQL background monitoring and management. The overall interface of the system is simple and generous, light and agile, the operation is simple, the security is high, which provides a more comfortable experience for the company's managers and employees.
